Installation + docker, improvements (#19987)
netdata/netdata: packaging/docker/README.md

|  `vX.Y`  | the major and minor version (for example, `v1.40`).                                                                                                     |
|   `vX`   | just the major version (for example, `v1`).                                                                                                             |

Minor and major version tags update with each matching release. For example, if `v1.40.1` is published, the `v1.40` tag moves from `v1.40.0` to `v1.40.1`.  

## Configure Agent Containers  

If you started an Agent container using one of the [recommended methods](#create-a-new-netdata-agent-container) and need to edit its configuration, first attach to the container with `docker exec`, replacing `netdata` with your container’s name.

```bash
docker exec -it netdata bash
cd /etc/netdata
./edit-config netdata.conf
```

> Restart the Agent to apply changes. Exit the container if needed, then run: `docker restart netdata`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Restart the Agent for the changes to take effect: exit the container if necessary, then run `docker restart netdata`.
```
